okay here is my 2006 Toyota Tundra I'm
just gonna go put on it so you start out
got a three-inch leveling kit because it
is two wheel drive and on top of the 3
inch leveling kit the backs only lift at
three inch the front is six to help
level it up tires are 35 by 1215 Nitto
trail grappler empties very nice
the wheels are 20 inch motor metal mo
950 ones I'm very happy with them no
negative 30 millimeter offset so they
just barely stick out from the fender
flares but if they weren't on there
they'd stick out more then on the
running boards I took them off and then
coated them in truck bed liner to give
him more grip very nice I advise doing
that and the exhaust that came with the
TRD dual exhaust system which sounded
nice but that wasn't enough for me so I
put a flowmaster 40 series chamber on
there I like it but that's pretty much
it for the outside the inside but yeah
on the inside gotta put my keys in oh
yeah also leathers put in and stuff and
then and this DVD thing installed just
like navigation and all that stuff
okay exclude you to your phone and does
all that fun stuff then I forgot that I
was like why don't I get nice speakers
to go with it so I replaced all the door
speakers with like JBL sub speakers like
speakers they're supposed to have a lot
of bass for just speakers but that
wasn't enough bass for me so after I had
to get another amplifier for that then I
had to go get another amplifier this is
a 2600 watt something
and the other one of his under that one
it's just so many something that's also
I think 2600 but then because that
wasn't enough base for me I added in
subwoofers a two kicker 8 inch
subwoofers they're shallow but they're
the comps and they give a pretty good
amount of bass very nice they're not
really doing much now because it's just
a radio I would plug in my phone but
that's what I'm using to record it so I
can and oh yeah
back on the outs I had the windows
tinted as far as legal in Georgia so you
can try see through them then on the
headlights
I had the headlights in the fog light
and the backup lights replaced with the
like white bright ones that are very
bright very nice oh yeah this one's a
pretty great upgrade good a new
windshield wipers